[Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  a little excited just  little bit  thank you let's get started cuz it was  about a year and a half ago when I first  met Madonna  [Applause]  she was she was a brand-new mom just  beginning to discover how much her baby  would change her life and now they're  calling her the new Madonna the material  girl turned spiritual girl she's found  true love for the very first time and  says she feels like her life is starting  over her new CD ray of light has been  described as extraordinary deeply  personal and her most daring work yet  here to perform live for the first time  [Applause]  [Music]  my tea  [Music]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  more  c'est fini  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  you  [Music]  [Applause]  thank you so much Madonna's here shows a  new scene that's getting rave reviews  called ray of light and it is her first  in four years  that was her hit song frozen we just saw  there and later she's gonna sing a  sentimental song that she wrote for her  little girl my favorite line from that  song is may the Angels protect you and  sadness forget you yeah great  everybody's talking about I think was  Newsweek magazine that said a kinder  gentler diva mmm-hmm I don't know if you  that's like jumbo shrimp and everyone  from Material Girl the spiritual girl  how do you think you've changed um 18  months of well I've got I mean I think  I've grown up a lot and I think that  having a baby is you know you have to  grow up uh-huh and it's changed my whole  outlook on life but I just think just  life of all of my life experiences the  past couple of years have been pretty  intense and I've learned a lot I've read  a quote for me I thought it was really  great you said that Lourdes Lola Berlin  now call Laura Lola has informed your  life sense of the word informed yeah  well I I feel like I I feel like when my  daughter was born I was born again and I  just I look at life with a new set of  eyes um I mean I maybe in a way all the  six seven what's going on the pictures  have been any fair it's my um something  showy first saw I mean we all loved  looking at the pictures but I was  surprised that you let the picture taken  well the thing is is that everybody the  the photographers were pursuing me so  dogged Lee and so intensely I know there  was a really big bounty being put on you  know getting appreciating a picture and  so I baby just present a photograph and  then that will kind of dissipate all of  that excitement and intensity and they  won't pursue us so much and what it  didn't well - let's put it like actually  it has a little bit  it really has oh yeah definitely I mean  she goes she goes out a lot and doesn't  get bothered let's talk about her from  home because she's she's backstage we  won't be putting her picture on  television but cutest little dresser in  the whole USA you got to be does have  style she has the bracelets has two  bracelets yes but fingered two-tone I  mean you know lots of jewelry it's a  girl  yeah after you just saying that song ray  of light I thought I feel like Lola in  your closet cuz I read somewhere where  she's in the closet with all your shoes  and she goes wow yeah yeah Wow 50 and  Wow and gorgeous  Wow baby what is she playing dress-up  and stuff now uh-huh oh I bet you think  they dress up in Madonna's closet  [Music]  I must say I have so many clothes and  pairs of shoes I mean I'm not  complaining don't get me wrong but  sometimes it makes me sick to my stomach  really to look at all the clothes it  makes me dizzy because I love clothes  and I love shoes and I know a lot of  designers and a lot of people gave me  stuff to wear and it's like give me a  drug you know like when I win like a  whole like line of clothes I get home  and there's like a whole line of clothes  on my bed right right to choose from  sweat I you start sweating yeah it's a  happy thing and things you always worry  about what to do with the ones my  students before I lose sleep thinking  about how I'm gonna like incorporate all  my outfits like in the week I want to be  able to I want to make sure I can wear  everything before the season's over with  uh-huh because I don't want to wear it  the next season you never wear things  from the previous season may never wear  anything twice that I've been  photographed in really cuz I don't want  people to think I'm pathetic  Magan you have a lot of clothes yeah  well my housekeeper does too and your  housekeeper DISA whoever else just  happens whoever else happens to come by  exactly it's like do you want this if  you come over on a good day you could  get a lot of stuff Wow  and whatever's at what size um any  anywhere from four to four and a half No  [Music]  that's terrific  yeah and so you give away a lot of the  clothes I have two yeah  and there's no room because where do you  keep it all in several closets and so  this season do you like change several  times a day or do you like yeah I do you  have my morning wearing my evening  attire and so so for Lola do you like to  shop a lot for her uh yeah but the thing  is it's really great is that all those  designer friends that I have a semi  clothes for her too  I know so I'm very lucky and very  blessed thank you everyone  do you feel that when you were talking  about your life being informed do you  feel that you're a different kind of  person a different person do you feel  kinder gentler I think I feel publicist  for years says you're not as angry  anymore you're not mad well I had a lot  of rage and anger that I had to work out  through through the years and I kind of  got it out of my system as you know as a  performer and it was a real growing  experience for me and sometimes I didn't  said things that probably weren't wasn't  very um listener friendly mm-hmm but I  was that I was working stuff out mm-hmm  you know when you say quicker and ray of  light weaker than a ray of light and I  feel just like I just got home yeah  what do you mean I feel like I'm  starting over I mean I look back at my  life and I go oh my god I didn't know  anything then I'm so I feel like I'm  right here you know I've done this much  of what I what I was just starting to  learning her totally uh-huh totally so  you do you regret a lot of those things  I think we talked about this on four no  no it's not about regret I had to go  through that was my karma I had to go  through what I had to go through to  arrive where I am right now mm-hmm  you know  [Applause]  so does this mean that you don't talk  about people anymore you know you know  you don't [ __ ] it up I'm insane no I I  do I I find myself complaining but let's  just say that I am now a lot more  conscious of it and when I do if I do  say something unkind about somebody or I  gossip I check myself like I go I'm  doing it I'm doing it and I didn't need  to do it why did I do that you know what  I mean so I'm more aware and I mean I  hopefully I don't do it because did you  think it was like a part of is it up  like a part of the culture to be that  way yeah I think it's part of our  culture to try to make ourselves feel  better by putting other people down  mm-hmm and it's just such a waste of  energy and I think that gossiping is is  a really negative thing to do so do you  think that you feel I know that one of  the songs on a ray of light you wrote  when runt when you went home for your  grandmother's I think Yammer girl uh-huh  my girl mer girl you wrote and do you  think that the writing of the song that  you're purging a lot of that anger um I  don't think on this particular album I  don't think I was really urging anger I  think that like the past I'd say eight  years of my career I was purging a lot  of anger and just being very aggressive  and confrontational with people in  provoking not only other people but  myself and challenging my own beliefs I  think this record was is really kind of  like the result of finally coming to  terms with who I am and learning to love  myself mmm nothing better than that  yeah  [Applause]  you know for years for years people  describe you as reinventing yourself but  it seems to me it's not as a matter as  reinventing as you know I find this in  my own life you're always peeling back  the layers totally feeling yeah you are  yeah yeah absolutely and it has Lola has  been the key factor and your being able  to do that or is it because of Lola that  makes everything else a lot more  peaceful I think it's just a combination  of things that happened to me right  around the time before I gave birth just  lots of painful realizations confronting  lots of things I haven't wanted to  confront in years work experiences and  creative experiences that I had and just  just surviving you know 15 years of  being famous is you know is a feat in  itself it's you and more than famous you  defined Fame for the 80s and now it's  more you're not just a person who is  known not just celebrity but kind of  defined it in a way where Pia you know I  said there was this adoration factor  yeah yeah yeah well I think there's  always been a cult of celebrity you know  through the centuries but I think  because of you know the explosion of all  the different kinds of media that we  have it's turned into something much  bigger and I sort of rode that wave do  you think that well I guess nobody  really knows in the beginning when it  starts to happen that you've  misinterpreted what that means what all  of that is I think that you can never  know what Fame is gonna bring you before  you have it and I think that it isn't  until you become famous that you realize  how superficial it is and how it's not a  goal it's a byproduct you know it's not  something it's about the work it's about  loving your work and loving what you do  and I can't stress that enough  about Fame and that's what the first  song that my album is about so said  you're drowning drowned world oh yeah  yeah or substitute for love which fame  can be that's you know the other title  of the song what do you think is the  difference between let's say two years  ago what you would want to be known for  and what you want to be known for now  that what you want your  your work your voice to say I think that  two years ago I wasn't really sure why  why would I was on this earth for I  think I was mostly concerned with  getting things for myself  mm-hmm you know more clothes more money  more popularity more approval more  boyfriends more every you know it was  just like no I mean it was I wasn't  really thinking I was just doing mm-hmm  so not living consciously really yeah  yeah and and I think I probably had some  conscious moments I don't think I was  like brain-dead but but but to me not  really consciously like a lot of people  are just kind of going through the  motions no matter what your emotions I  can't do that yeah no I think I just  kind of woke up and said okay what am I  on this earth for why are we all on this  earth for we're here to love we're here  to share that's it so that's the  difference totally when we come back but  Donna tells us how she has truly found  freedom  [Applause]  [Music]  tweeted faithful love  [Music]  silly things  [Music]  I  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  - love - lost that song is called drowns  world and that's where Madonna sings I  found myself in crowded rooms feeling so  alone had so many lovers who settle for  the thrill of basking in my spotlight  now when you do when you think about all  lovers do you want them to like to  suffer like you no meaning away yeah  exes yeah no I don't want anyone to  suffer okay I just want to know that  they're gonna love me forever it's hard  to imagine you being in a room when you  those lyrics being in a room feeling all  alone it's hard to imagine why because  you are Madonna and as we look at you on  the stage as I was looking at you  dancing up on the stage I said that's  exactly how I feel and I have my parties  for one you know you have over the years  given us all this feeling especially a  lot of women and a lot of men - this  feeling of we can release ourselves and  be uninhibited and express ourselves  freely and that doesn't sort of connect  to the feeling of being all alone I  understand it because you know people  are complex you're not ever just one  thing and that we're multi-dimensional  yeah on there's big difference between  being intimate with thousands of people  in a stadium and being intimate with one  person alone in a room and we all know  which one is scarier mm-hmm okay so do  you think that for a lot of years when  you when you write about that and drown  that you traded that I think I made the  mistake of feeling like that was all I  needed  mmm and that it was okay if I didn't  have the other well you know one of my  favorite sayings is from Maya Angelou  who says when you know better you do  better so do you think that's where you  when you knew you did then what you knew  how to do and when you knew better you  did better exactly yeah yeah I read that  you're in therapy what does it do for  you um what do you get out of the  process  I ask myself a very same question well  it's it's it's all about  self-examination and I don't just get it  from my therapist of course no I get it  in a lot of different scenarios I get it  from my yoga teacher I get it when I  study the Kabbalah I get it  when I look into my daughter's eyes I  mean there's a lot of different  situations that are teaching but their  therapy if you have a good therapist and  you're open to it it does sort of force  you to look at yourself mm-hmm and face  your demons so to speak do you still  think you have a lot of them more you  know yeah I got a couple got a couple  dinars yeah still working it out and so  you mentioned yoga you mentioned you  mentioned Danka that you've given up the  hard workouts is it you totally gave up  all your exercise more no more pumping  iron  no no more Stairmaster yeah no more  treadmill  I read that I didn't know if it was true  Jim free really yeah I'm liberated what  happened really well when I was pregnant  I was thinking you know I'm I will not  get a fat a SS and you know and I was  working out like a madwoman and then I  got to a certain point which is like as  big as a house and I said and I couldn't  really work out comfortably so I started  studying yoga with a prenatal yoga  teacher and she was incredible this  woman in in Los Angeles and she said you  know I know you're really physical and  all of this when you after you have your  baby you should try this certain kind of  yoga it's called Ashtanga cuz it's  really physical and it would it'll make  you sweat and and it'll focus you and  center you and calm you down and I said  okay great and then I had the baby and I  forgot about it and then I started  trying to work out again and it felt so  wrong it's like everything changed when  I had a baby I tried to go running and  it felt awful really I went to a gym and  I felt ridiculous my body rejected it in  every way so I just your body rejected  him it just I said enough so I found a  yoga teacher and I started doing it and  it completely changed my whole outlook  and do you do it everybody you do it  every day and what does it do this is a  week yeah cuz I tried it I would say the  ashram out there and I tried it I was  falling all over myself really yeah but  that's part of the process yeah I mean  by the way I hear you don't like to do  down dog Oh hate it  downward-facing dog yeah I'm down dog  yeah no the thing is yoga is a metaphor  for life you have to take it really  slowly you can't rush through it you  can't skip to the next position you find  yourself in really humiliating  situations you can't judge yourself you  just have to breathe you have to let go  and it's a very slow process but it it  is a workout for your mind your body and  your soul next how Princess Diana's  death affected Madonna  [Applause]  [Music]  [Music]  I read someplace to where you said that  if you had to sing the old songs singing  the old songs that if you had to sing  like a virgin again you think you might  die yeah yeah it's like it's like me  like five lifetimes ago is that what it  feels like yeah uh-huh yeah do you have  favorite songs now yeah brave like  there's a baby Joe album yeah yeah one  ray of light around world first song  what about swim swim well swimming yeah  now you won't swim after Versace's death  right is it yeah well so it's not about  Versace it's just about whatever I was  right around that time it was right  around Princess Diana Versace and let's  talk about that I was a shattering  summer wasn't it oh I'm devastating yeah  devastating it was frightening in a way  that I kits hard to describe didn't you  feel haunted yeah absolutely you walk  around didn't you just you didn't you  forget to hold under the walls  absolutely yeah I'm like do I need more  security but that's not gonna help you  like it is not a good time to be famous  you know yeah  and then when when Princess Diana I I  have to say that that change in my life  Princess Diana's - yeah you - in what  way just you know I realized because I  spent so many years going oh it's the  it's the media's fault it's the  paparazzi's fault oh they're the bad  people we're the good people in there  the bad people and then I realized after  Princess Diana's death it's that that  we're all responsible I mean they take  the pictures and they sell the stories  but we buy them right so who's to blame  we all are and after her death I really  when everybody was beating up the  paparazzi in the media and saying oh bad  bad bad you know I thought wait a minute  we're the audience we have a hunger for  it  you know and but it's like well what  comes first do they create the hunger  for it or do we do buy into did you  think of it personally - because I've  been in Paris you've been chased by the  paparazzi probably been in the same  tunnel I have been in so many similar  situations especially in Europe where  there  no speed limit and it's so scary because  you get in a car and there are like  motorcycles all around you there are  cameramen riding backwards facing the  car holding and you're like oh my god  somebody's gonna fall off my car's gonna  run them over and you're just you just  have to shut your eyes you cannot  believe the treachery in the danger and  what people will do to get a photograph  but then and and it's so easy to blame  the paparazzi and it's so easy to blame  the National Enquirer but we are an  audience that goes to the supermarkets  and eats it up and once more mm-hmm so  we're all responsible for it did it make  you feel cuz it did this for me it made  me want and maybe you all too cuz didn't  you feel it just weren't we just stunned  by that death and even when you continue  to see Princess Diana's pictures on the  news no it was it'd be hard to believe  that she was actually dead big slap in  the face to humanity I felt like  everyone got slapped in the face and  said you know it was like wake up yeah I  thought it was a big wake up wake up  yeah made me want to live my life more  intensely and to live in the moment and  to know that you know any day any day  you can hit the wall mm-hmm  next we'll see what happens when our  audience comes up with some of their  best questions for mr. Madonna  [Applause]  when it comes to our bodies women  shouldn't compromise Monistat 3 cures a  yeast infection with a three-day  treatment and still gives us the brand  we trust absolutely nothing works faster  Monistat 3 the only 3 day treatment from  the number one doctor recommended brand  [Music]  it's our best makeovers that's on Monday  but when we come back miss Madonna sings  the touching ballot that she wrote for  her baby girl  my bro  I'm not gonna believe what she brought  me before we say good night I know  there's a lot of great things about  Chicago  you got a great basketball team yeah you  got the best pizza yeah you got  beautiful lakes okay but you don't Oh  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]